Task/skip value for attr expression (#1364)
telefonicaid/iotagent-node-lib: doc/api.md

-   **expression**: indicates that the value of the target attribute will not be the plain value or the measurement, but
    an expression based on a combination of the reported values. See the
    [Expression Language definition](#expression-language-support) for details

> -   **skipValue**: indicates the result of applying `expression` to a measure is equal to the value of `skipValue` then
>     the attribute corresponding to the measure is not sent to CB. By default if `skipValue` is not defined then is
>     considered as `null` (i.e. if the result of apply `expression` results in `null` then corresponding attribute is not
>     sent to CB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **skipValue**: indicates that if the result of applying `expression` to a measure is equal to the value of `skipValue` then
    the attribute corresponding to the measure is not sent to CB. By default if `skipValue` is not defined then is
    considered as `null` (i.e. if the result of apply `expression` results in `null` then corresponding attribute is not
    sent to CB). It is only used if `expression` is provided (otherwise is ignored).
```

-   **expression**: indicates that the value of the target attribute will not be the plain value or the measurement, but
    an expression based on a combination of the reported values. See the
    [Expression Language definition](#expression-language-support) for details

> -   **skip_value**: indicates the value to discard attribute of be sent ti CB when as a result of `expression`.

Reviewer: skip_value (like entity_name) or skipValue (like explicitAttrs)? I would say that all the fields added recently follow the camelCase style, but I'm not fully sure.

Anyway, I'm afraid the mixture of naming styles we have in the API would be difficult to solve due to backward compatibility :(

Author: skip_value like entity_name, since is at the same level

-   **expression**: indicates that the value of the target attribute will not be the plain value or the measurement, but
    an expression based on a combination of the reported values. See the
    [Expression Language definition](#expression-language-support) for details

> -   **skipValue**: indicates the value to discard attribute of be sent ti CB when as a result of `expression`. By
>     default if skipValue is not defined then is considered as `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **skipValue**: indicates the value so if the measure value (or the result of applying `expression` to it, in the case `expression` is used) match `skipValue` then the attribute corresponding to the measure is not sent to CB. By
    default if `skipValue` is not defined then is considered as `null` (i.e. if the measure value or the evaluation of the expression results in `null` then attribute is not sent to CB).
```
